---
permalink: /privacy-policy-EN.html
---

**Privacy policy**

Claudiu Stefaniga built the Info Trafic application as a free application. This SERVICE is provided by Claudiu Stefaniga free of charge and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors about my policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of personal information if anyone has decided to use my Service.

If you choose to use My Service, then you agree to the collection and use of information in connection with this policy. The personal information we collect is used to provide and improve the Service. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible to Info Trafic, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

** Collection and use of information **

For a better experience, while using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to your email address, license plate number, photos.

** Logged in data **

I want to inform you that every time you use my Service, in case of an application error, I collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This log data may include information such as the device's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, device name, operating system version, application configuration when using my service, time and date of use of the service, and other statistics.

** Cookies **

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser on the websites you visit and are stored in the internal memory of the device.

This Service does not use these "cookies" explicitly. However, the application may use third-party codes and libraries that use "cookies" to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to accept or decline these cookies and to know when a cookie is sent to your device. If you choose to decline our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

**Service Providers**

I can hire third parties and individuals for the following reasons:

* To facilitate our service;
* To provide the Service on our behalf;
* To perform service-related services; or
* To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

I would like to inform users of this service that these third parties have access to your personal information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obliged not to disclose or use the information for other purposes.

**Security**

I appreciate your confidence in providing your personal information, so we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect it. But keep in mind that no internet transmission method or electronic storage method is 100% secure and reliable and cannot guarantee absolute security.

** Links to other sites **

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Please note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of third party sites or services.

** Children's privacy **

These services are not addressed to anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13 years of age. If I find out that a child under the age of 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete it from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I can take the necessary action.

** Changes to this privacy policy **

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, it is recommended that you check this page regularly for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

This policy is effective as of 2020-05-10

**Contact**

If you have any questions or suggestions regarding my privacy policy, do not hesitate to contact me at claudiu_stefaniga@yahoo.ro.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net] (https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified / generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator] (https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)
